# 657. Robot Return to Origin
<https://leetcode.com/problems/robot-return-to-origin/>
Easy

There is a robot starting at position (0, 0), the origin, on a 2D plane. Given a sequence of its moves, judge if this robot ends up at (0, 0) after it completes its moves.

The move sequence is represented by a string, and the character moves[i] represents its ith move. Valid moves are R (right), L (left), U (up), and D (down). If the robot returns to the origin after it finishes all of its moves, return true. Otherwise, return false.

Note: The way that the robot is "facing" is irrelevant. "R" will always make the robot move to the right once, "L" will always make it move left, etc. Also, assume that the magnitude of the robot's movement is the same for each move.

Example 1:

    Input: "UD"
    Output: true 
    Explanation: The robot moves up once, and then down once. All moves have the same magnitude, so it ended up at the origin where it started. Therefore, we return true.
 

Example 2:

    Input: "LL"
    Output: false
    Explanation: The robot moves left twice. It ends up two "moves" to the left of the origin. We return false because it is not at the origin at the end of its moves.


Related Topics: String

Similar Questions: 
* Medium [Friend Circles](https://leetcode.com/problems/friend-circles/)


### Count Vertical and Horizontal Movements Solution:
用两个变量 vertical， horizontal 计算垂直和水平方向移动的情况，如果是 L， horizontal自减1。如果是 R， horizontal自加1。如果是 U，vertical自加1。如果是 D，vertical自减1。最后看 vertical 和 horizontal 是否为0。
```java
class Solution {
    public boolean judgeCircle(String moves) {
        int vertical = 0, horizontal = 0;
        for(char c : moves.toCharArray()){
            switch(c){
                case 'L':
                    horizontal--;
                    break;
                case 'R':
                    horizontal++;
                    break;
                case 'U':
                    vertical++;
                    break;
                case 'D':
                    vertical--;
                    break;
            }
        }
        return vertical == 0 && horizontal == 0;
    }
}
```