# 824. Goat Latin
A sentence S is given, composed of words separated by spaces. Each word consists of lowercase and uppercase letters only.

We would like to convert the sentence to "Goat Latin" (a made-up language similar to Pig Latin.)

The rules of Goat Latin are as follows:

* If a word begins with a vowel (a, e, i, o, or u), append "ma" to the end of the word.
For example, the word 'apple' becomes 'applema'.
 
* If a word begins with a consonant (i.e. not a vowel), remove the first letter and append it to the end, then add "ma".
For example, the word "goat" becomes "oatgma".
 
* Add one letter 'a' to the end of each word per its word index in the sentence, starting with 1.
For example, the first word gets "a" added to the end, the second word gets "aa" added to the end and so on.

Return the final sentence representing the conversion from S to Goat Latin.

**Example 1:**

Input: "I speak Goat Latin"
Output: "Imaa peaksmaaa oatGmaaaa atinLmaaaaa"

**Example 2:**

Input: "The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog"
Output: "heTmaa uickqmaaa rownbmaaaa oxfmaaaaa umpedjmaaaaaa overmaaaaaaa hetmaaaaaaaa azylmaaaaaaaaa ogdmaaaaaaaaaa"

Notes:

* S contains only uppercase, lowercase and spaces. Exactly one space between each word.
* 1 <= S.length <= 150.

Related Topics: String

### Solution: 
题目要求如果是非元音开头的单词，那么把首字母移到末尾，并且加ma。还有就是根据当前是第几个单词，后面加几个a。

根据题目来做，将所有元音加入一个HashSet，注意大小写的元音都要加进去。然后要一个单词一个单词的处理。对于每个提取出的单词，我们先加上一个空格，然后判断开头字母是否为元音，是的话直接加上，不然就去子串去掉首字母，然后将首字母加到末尾。后面再加上ma，还有相对应数目个a。定义一个变量j，循环添加a到尾部直到等于i，这样我们就知道需要加的a的个数了，最后别忘了把结果res的首空格去掉。

```java
class Solution {
    public String toGoatLatin(String S) {
        Set<Character> vowels = new HashSet();
        for(char c : "aeiouAEIOU".toCharArray()) vowels.add(c);
        StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder();
        String[] sArr = S.split(" ");
        for(int i = 0; i<sArr.length; i++){
            sb.append(" ").append(vowels.contains(sArr[i].charAt(0))? sArr[i] : sArr[i].substring(1)+sArr[i].charAt(0)).append("ma");
            for(int j = 0; j<=i; j++) sb.append("a");
        }
        return sb.toString().trim();
    }
}
```